include include/asm-generic/Kbuild.asm

generic-y += atomic.h
generic-y += bug.h
generic-y += bugs.h
generic-y += barrier.h
generic-y += cache.h
generic-y += checksum.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += cmpxchg-local.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += current.h
generic-y += device.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += dma.h
generic-y += emergency-restart.h
generic-y += exec.h
generic-y += fb.h
generic-y += fcntl.h
generic-y += ftrace.h
generic-y += futex.h
generic-y += hardirq.h
generic-y += hw_irq.h
generic-y += io.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += kdebug.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += linkage.h
generic-y += local.h
generic-y += mmu_context.h
generic-y += mmu.h
generic-y += module.h
generic-y += pci.h
generic-y += percpu.h
generic-y += pgalloc.h
generic-y += scatterlist.h
generic-y += segment.h
generic-y += setup.h
generic-y += shmparam.h
generic-y += string.h
generic-y += syscalls.h
generic-y += tlb.h
generic-y += tlbflush.h
generic-y += topology.h
generic-y += ucontext.h
generic-y += unaligned.h
generic-y += user.h
